feat: add map_based_prediction package (#69)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: perception/map_based_prediction/README.md

# map_based_prediction

## Role

> `map_besed_prediction` is a module to predict the future paths of other vehicles and humans according to the shape of the map and the surrounding environment..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`map_based_prediction` is a module to predict the future paths of other vehicles and pedestrians according to the shape of the map and the surrounding environment.
```

| `~/vector_map`                                     | `autoware_auto_mapping_msgs::msg::HADMapBin`         | binary data of Lanelet2 Map.             |

### Output

| Name                     | Type                                                   | Description                           |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| `~/objects`              | `autoware_auto_perception_msgs::msg::PredictedObjects` | tracking objects with predicted path. |
| `~/objects_path_markers` | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray`                 | marker for visualization.             |

## Parameters

| Parameter                        | Type   | Description                                |
| -------------------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| `has_subscribed_map`             | bool   | true when subscribed path exists           |
| `prediction_time_horizon`        | double | predict time duration for predicted path   |

> | `prediction_sampling_delta_time` | double | sampling time for points in predicted path |

Reviewer: Many parameters are missing.
Could you merge this PR after it is merged to AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv?

https://github.com/tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv/pull/762

Author: I merged it https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/pull/69/commits/b35f7c586fb17b9284f010b3c5a5b0e6c2c2012b
